COHEN. ONE THING SEEMS CERTAIN, THERE
ONE THING SEEMS CERTAIN, THERE IS MORE TO THIS STORY THAN
IS MORE TO THIS STORY THAN EITHER ONE OF US WOULD BE ASKED
EITHER ONE OF US WOULD BE ASKED TO BELIEVE.
TO BELIEVE. AND THE PRESIDENT OF THE CENTER
AND THE PRESIDENT OF THE CENTER FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS, AND
FOR AMERICAN PROGRESS, AND FORMER SENIOR ADD VIE STORE
FORMER SENIOR ADD VIE STORE PRESIDENT OBAMA, AND ALFONSO
PRESIDENT OBAMA, AND ALFONSO AGULAR.
AGULAR. MIMI, WALK US THROUGH THE LAW
MIMI, WALK US THROUGH THE LAW WHEN IT COMES TO THE PRESIDENT’S
WHEN IT COMES TO THE PRESIDENT’S PART.
PART. WHAT LEAGUE JEOPARDY COULD HE BE
WHAT LEAGUE JEOPARDY COULD HE BE IN WHEN IT COMES TO DANGLING
IN WHEN IT COMES TO DANGLING PARDONS OR IS THERE JEOPARDY?
PARDONS OR IS THERE JEOPARDY? >> IF TRUMP IS USING PARDONS TO
>> IF TRUMP IS USING PARDONS TO GET O OR TRYING TO USE HIS
GET O OR TRYING TO USE HIS PARDON POWER TO GET PEOPLE TO
PARDON POWER TO GET PEOPLE TO NOT KROOP RATE IN THE
NOT KROOP RATE IN THE INVESTIGATION, ANY
INVESTIGATION, ANY INVESTIGATION, MUELLER,
INVESTIGATION, MUELLER, CONGRESS, OR THE SOUTHERN
CONGRESS, OR THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT, THAT IS POTENTIAL
DISTRICT, THAT IS POTENTIAL WITNESS TAMPERRING AND OR
WITNESS TAMPERRING AND OR OBSTRUCTION.
OBSTRUCTION. THERE ARE LEGAL EXPERTS OUT
THERE ARE LEGAL EXPERTS OUT THERE THAT TAKE A DIFFERENT VIEW
THERE THAT TAKE A DIFFERENT VIEW AND SAY BECAUSE OF THE PARDON
AND SAY BECAUSE OF THE PARDON POWER, HE CAN PARDON ANYONE HE
POWER, HE CAN PARDON ANYONE HE WANTS, THAT CAN’T BE VIEWED IN
WANTS, THAT CAN’T BE VIEWED IN THIS WAY.
THIS WAY. THIS ISN’T ABOUT HIM GRANTS
THIS ISN’T ABOUT HIM GRANTS PARDONS, BUT IT IS ABOUT HIM
PARDONS, BUT IT IS ABOUT HIM DAKLEDAK
DAKLEDAK LE
LE -- DANGLING THEM.
-- DANGLING THEM. I AM NOT PRIVY TO THE
I AM NOT PRIVY TO THE CONVERSATIONS -- HE ADMITTED IT
CONVERSATIONS -- HE ADMITTED IT IN AN INTERVIEW WITH THE "NEW
IN AN INTERVIEW WITH THE "NEW YORK POST."
YORK POST." HE SAID I COULD DO IT.
HE SAID I COULD DO IT. HE DID IT IN PLAIN SIGHT IN THAT
HE DID IT IN PLAIN SIGHT IN THAT SENSE.
SENSE. AND THE POINT I WAS GOING TO
AND THE POINT I WAS GOING TO MAKE IS THAT WE SEE HIM DOING IT
MAKE IS THAT WE SEE HIM DOING IT ON TELEVISION AND TWITTER.
ON TELEVISION AND TWITTER. HE IS MAKING CLEAR THAT THOSE
HE IS MAKING CLEAR THAT THOSE THAT DON’T COOPERATE ARE GOOD,
THAT DON’T COOPERATE ARE GOOD, AND THIS IS SORT OF OUT THERE.
AND THIS IS SORT OF OUT THERE. I DON’T KNOW WHAT FACTS ARE.
I DON’T KNOW WHAT FACTS ARE. I DON’T THINK ANY OF US REALLY
I DON’T THINK ANY OF US REALLY DO.
DO. THAT IS PART OF THE PROBLEM
THAT IS PART OF THE PROBLEM HERE.
HERE. YOU KNOW WHAT WE, THE AMERICAN
YOU KNOW WHAT WE, THE AMERICAN PUBLIC, SHOULD NOT HAVE TO
PUBLIC, SHOULD NOT HAVE TO FIGURE IT OUT.
FIGURE IT OUT. THIS SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT
THIS SHOULD BE SOMETHING THAT HAPPENS UNDER OATH AND YOU KNOW
HAPPENS UNDER OATH AND YOU KNOW WHO IS GONE UNDER OATH?
WHO IS GONE UNDER OATH? MICHAEL COHEN, AND YOU KNOW WHO
MICHAEL COHEN, AND YOU KNOW WHO HASN’T?
HASN’T? MICHAEL COHEN, AND HE MADE
MICHAEL COHEN, AND HE MADE HIMSELF A WITNESS.
HIMSELF A WITNESS. IF HE WERE NOT PRESIDENT OF THE
IF HE WERE NOT PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES HE WOULD HAVE TO
UNITED STATES HE WOULD HAVE TO TESTIFY ABOUT THIS.
TESTIFY ABOUT THIS. >> I WANT TO RUN THROUGH THIS.
>> I WANT TO RUN THROUGH THIS. COHEN SAYS HE NEVER ASKED FOR A
COHEN SAYS HE NEVER ASKED FOR A PARDON.
PARDON. LANNY DAIS NYNY DAVIS SAYS HE DI
LANNY DAIS NYNY DAVIS SAYS HE DI ATTORNEY TO ASK.
ATTORNEY TO ASK. AND RUDY GIULIANI SAYS THAT
AND RUDY GIULIANI SAYS THAT MULTIPLE PEOPLE WERE ASKING FOR
MULTIPLE PEOPLE WERE ASKING FOR PARDONS ALL OF THE TIME.
PARDONS ALL OF THE TIME. WHAT SHOULD WE BELIEVE?
WHAT SHOULD WE BELIEVE? >> I DON’T THINK RTHE AMERICAN
>> I DON’T THINK RTHE AMERICAN PEOPLE KNOW WHAT THEY SHOULD
PEOPLE KNOW WHAT THEY SHOULD BELIEVE AT THIS POINT.
BELIEVE AT THIS POINT. YOU HAVE THEM EACH MAKING
YOU HAVE THEM EACH MAKING ACCUSATIONS AGAINST ONE ANOTHER,
ACCUSATIONS AGAINST ONE ANOTHER, I DON’T KNOW HOW YOU SORT THIS
I DON’T KNOW HOW YOU SORT THIS OUT.
OUT. THE AMERICAN PUBLIC NEEDS A WAY
THE AMERICAN PUBLIC NEEDS A WAY TO GET TO THE TRUTH AND I THINK
TO GET TO THE TRUTH AND I THINK BECAUSE OF THE STRUCTURE OF THIS
BECAUSE OF THE STRUCTURE OF THIS OPERATION AND BECAUSE WE’RE
OPERATION AND BECAUSE WE’RE DEALING WITH THE PRESIDENT OF
DEALING WITH THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES, IT IS ALMOST
THE UNITED STATES, IT IS ALMOST IMPOSSIBLE TO GET TO THAT.
IMPOSSIBLE TO GET TO THAT. MAYBE I’M WRONG.
MAYBE I’M WRONG. >> YOU CAN’T SAY FOR SURE THERE
>> YOU CAN’T SAY FOR SURE THERE IS INACCURACY IN COHEN’S
IS INACCURACY IN COHEN’S TESTIMONY.
TESTIMONY. HE SAID HE WOULD NOT ASK FOR A
HE SAID HE WOULD NOT ASK FOR A PARDON, LANNY DAVIS SAID HIS
PARDON, LANNY DAVIS SAID HIS PREVIOUS LEGAL REPRESENTATION
PREVIOUS LEGAL REPRESENTATION HAD TRIED TO NEGOTIATE A PARDON.
HAD TRIED TO NEGOTIATE A PARDON. SO IN TERMS OF THE PRESS IN
SO IN TERMS OF THE PRESS IN TALKING ABOUT THIS WE SAID IT
TALKING ABOUT THIS WE SAID IT MANY MANY TIMES.
MANY MANY TIMES. WHEN YOU’RE UNDER INVESTIGATION
WHEN YOU’RE UNDER INVESTIGATION YOU SHOULD NOT BE TALKING ABOUT
YOU SHOULD NOT BE TALKING ABOUT THIS, RIGHT?
THIS, RIGHT? BUT IT ALSO DEPENDS ON WHETHER
BUT IT ALSO DEPENDS ON WHETHER OR NOT IT WAS A PARDON REQUEST
OR NOT IT WAS A PARDON REQUEST OR DID HE END UP TALKING TO
OR DID HE END UP TALKING TO COHEN ABOUT IT, BUT IT IS
COHEN ABOUT IT, BUT IT IS TROUBLING THAT HE IS TALKING ACT
TROUBLING THAT HE IS TALKING ACT IT, YES.
IT, YES. >> I THINK WHAT YOU SAID IS AN
>> I THINK WHAT YOU SAID IS AN INDICATION OF WHY THIS IS SO
INDICATION OF WHY THIS IS SO CRAZY AND AN INDICATION OF
CRAZY AND AN INDICATION OF GUILT.
GUILT. ANY OTHER PRESIDENT, I WORKED
ANY OTHER PRESIDENT, I WORKED FOR A PRESIDENT THAT WAS UNDER
FOR A PRESIDENT THAT WAS UNDER INVESTIGATION, YOUR LAWYER SAYS
INVESTIGATION, YOUR LAWYER SAYS DON’T DISCUSS THE LEGAL DETAILS,
DON’T DISCUSS THE LEGAL DETAILS, DON’T GET INTO THINGS LIKE THIS,
DON’T GET INTO THINGS LIKE THIS, YOU CANNOT IMAGINE ANY OTHER
YOU CANNOT IMAGINE ANY OTHER PRESIDENT EVEN USING THE WOR
PRESIDENT EVEN USING THE WOR PARDON FOR FEAR OF RETRIBUTION,
PARDON FOR FEAR OF RETRIBUTION, AND I THINK THIS IS A WAY THAT
AND I THINK THIS IS A WAY THAT DONALD TRUMP LOWERED THE BAR.
DONALD TRUMP LOWERED THE BAR. IT LOOKS LIKE HE IS DAPGLING A
IT LOOKS LIKE HE IS DAPGLING A PARDON.
PARDON. HE ALSO COPPED TO ESSENTIALLY
HE ALSO COPPED TO ESSENTIALLY FIRING COMEY BECAUSE OF THE
FIRING COMEY BECAUSE OF THE RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION.
RUSSIAN INVESTIGATION. THERE IS A PATTERN HERE AND I
THERE IS A PATTERN HERE AND I FIND IT AMUSING THAT THE
FIND IT AMUSING THAT THE ARGUMENT IS MICHAEL COHEN MIGHT
ARGUMENT IS MICHAEL COHEN MIGHT NOT BE TELLING THE TRUTH WHEN
NOT BE TELLING THE TRUTH WHEN DONALD TRUMP HAS A HISTORIC LAND
DONALD TRUMP HAS A HISTORIC LAND MARK PROBLEM WITH THE TRUTH.
MARK PROBLEM WITH THE TRUTH. >> I UNDERSTAND, BUT AREN’T YOU
>> I UNDERSTAND, BUT AREN’T YOU BOTHERED BY, MICHAEL COHEN WAS A
BOTHERED BY, MICHAEL COHEN WAS A STAR WITNESS LAST WEEK.
STAR WITNESS LAST WEEK. >> HE DID LIE TO CONGRESS.
>> HE DID LIE TO CONGRESS. >> BUT HE LIED TWICE LAST WEEK.
>> BUT HE LIED TWICE LAST WEEK. >> SO MIMI, YOU HAVE BEEN
>> SO MIMI, YOU HAVE BEEN THROUGH, TAKE YOUR AVERAGE RICO
THROUGH, TAKE YOUR AVERAGE RICO CASE, THE AVERAGE RRK ICICO CASE
CASE, THE AVERAGE RRK ICICO CASE YOU’RE DEALING WITH PEOPLE THAT
YOU’RE DEALING WITH PEOPLE THAT LIE FOR A LIVING, AND SOME HAVE
LIE FOR A LIVING, AND SOME HAVE TO BE BELIEVED BY GRAND JURIES,
TO BE BELIEVED BY GRAND JURIES, AND THE PRESIDENT IS BUCKING
AND THE PRESIDENT IS BUCKING SURROUNDED BY PEOPLE.
SURROUNDED BY PEOPLE. HE CAN PICK AND CHOOSE THEIR
HE CAN PICK AND CHOOSE THEIR LIES, WHEN COHEN SAID HE DOESN’T
LIES, WHEN COHEN SAID HE DOESN’T HAVE ANY "DIRECT EVIDENCE OF
HAVE ANY "DIRECT EVIDENCE OF COLLUSION."
COLLUSION." TRUMP SAID HE IS TELLING THE
TRUMP SAID HE IS TELLING THE TRUTH.
TRUTH. HE IS TRYING TO PICK AND
HE IS TRYING TO PICK AND CHILDHOOD, IT IS REALLY HARD TO
CHILDHOOD, IT IS REALLY HARD TO DETERMINE, THE HARDEST THING
DETERMINE, THE HARDEST THING THAT PROSECUTORS AND WHAT THEY
THAT PROSECUTORS AND WHAT THEY DO.
DO. FIRST OF ALL YOU DO, SOMEONE
FIRST OF ALL YOU DO, SOMEONE UNDER OATH IS MORE LIKELY TO
UNDER OATH IS MORE LIKELY TO TELL THE TRUTH.
TELL THE TRUTH. WE KNOW THAT HE LIES, YOU LOOK
WE KNOW THAT HE LIES, YOU LOOK AT THE HISTORY OF THE PERSON,
AT THE HISTORY OF THE PERSON, AND BOTH OF THOSE FACT VORS
AND BOTH OF THOSE FACT VORS HERE, IT IS BOTH PROBLEMATIC.
HERE, IT IS BOTH PROBLEMATIC. WILL WE HAVE OTHER EVIDENCE HERE
WILL WE HAVE OTHER EVIDENCE HERE OTHER THAN TRUMP SAYS AND COHEN
OTHER THAN TRUMP SAYS AND COHEN SAYS, DOIPT KNOW, IF WE DON’T IT
SAYS, DOIPT KNOW, IF WE DON’T IT WOULD BE ALMOST AN IMPOSSIBLE
WOULD BE ALMOST AN IMPOSSIBLE CASE TO CHARGE CRIMINALLY.
CASE TO CHARGE CRIMINALLY. IT MAY NOT BE AN IMPOSSIBLE
IT MAY NOT BE AN IMPOSSIBLE THING FOR CONGRESS TO COME TO
THING FOR CONGRESS TO COME TO SOME DETERMINATION ON IN TERMS
SOME DETERMINATION ON IN TERMS OF IMPEACHMENT, BUT AS A
OF IMPEACHMENT, BUT AS A PROSECUTOR YOU WOULD NOT CHARGE
PROSECUTOR YOU WOULD NOT CHARGE THIS JUST BASED ON COHEN.
THIS JUST BASED ON COHEN. >> THIS QUESTION HAS CROPPED UP
>> THIS QUESTION HAS CROPPED UP TODAY, IT IS INTERESTING AND
TODAY, IT IS INTERESTING AND POTENTIALLY DAMAGING, BUT
POTENTIALLY DAMAGING, BUT MICHAEL COHEN WAS THERE TO
MICHAEL COHEN WAS THERE TO TESTIFY ABOUT A LOT OF OTHER
TESTIFY ABOUT A LOT OF OTHER THINGS, FOR WHICH PRESUMABLY HE
THINGS, FOR WHICH PRESUMABLY HE PROVIDED CORROBORATING EVIDENCE.
PROVIDED CORROBORATING EVIDENCE. OR HAS PROVIDED CORROBORATING
OR HAS PROVIDED CORROBORATING EVIDENCE.
EVIDENCE. WE OPENED UP ANOTHER VEIN THAT
WE OPENED UP ANOTHER VEIN THAT RAISES THE QUESTION TO THE
RAISES THE QUESTION TO THE DEGREE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS IN
DEGREE THAT THE PRESIDENT HAS IN ONE WAY OR THE OTHER TRYING TO
ONE WAY OR THE OTHER TRYING TO TAMPER WITH WITNESSES.
TAMPER WITH WITNESSES. >> THE INTERVIEW THAT MOOUL DER
>> THE INTERVIEW THAT MOOUL DER CONDUCT WITH THE PRESIDENT IN
CONDUCT WITH THE PRESIDENT IN WRITING, WE’RE FINDING OUT ABOUT
WRITING, WE’RE FINDING OUT ABOUT SOME OF THESE CONVERSATIONS NOW,
SOME OF THESE CONVERSATIONS NOW, ALFONSO
ALFONSO ALFONSO, BUT WHEN WAS THE
ALFONSO, BUT WHEN WAS THE PRESIDENT QUESTIONED ABOUT THIS
PRESIDENT QUESTIONED ABOUT THIS STUFF?
STUFF? AND MAYBE HE WAS ALREADY
AND MAYBE HE WAS ALREADY QUESTIONED ABOUT THIS STUFF, AND
QUESTIONED ABOUT THIS STUFF, AND SUDDENLY WHAT DO THOSE WRITTEN
SUDDENLY WHAT DO THOSE WRITTEN ANSWERS MEAN?
ANSWERS MEAN? >>
>> >>.
>>. >> RIGHT, BUT THE FOCUS WAS ON
>> RIGHT, BUT THE FOCUS WAS ON COLLUSION.
COLLUSION. WHAT COHEN DID LAST WEEK WAS
WHAT COHEN DID LAST WEEK WAS BRING UP A NUMBER OF ISSUES,
BRING UP A NUMBER OF ISSUES, VERY SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS, THAT I
VERY SERIOUS ALLEGATIONS, THAT I AGREE THAT BASED ON MICHAEL
AGREE THAT BASED ON MICHAEL COHEN’S ALLEGATION, A PROSECUTOR
COHEN’S ALLEGATION, A PROSECUTOR WOULD NOT MOVE FORWARD WITH
WOULD NOT MOVE FORWARD WITH CHARGING THE PRESIDENT, BUT HE
CHARGING THE PRESIDENT, BUT HE MENTIONED CERTAIN THINGS THAT --
MENTIONED CERTAIN THINGS THAT -- THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW
THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT OF NEW YORK COULD ACTUALLY FIND
YORK COULD ACTUALLY FIND EVIDENCE, FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN HE
EVIDENCE, FOR EXAMPLE, WHEN HE SAYS HE INFLATED HIS ASSETS TO
SAYS HE INFLATED HIS ASSETS TO GET A LOAN FROM A BANK, I THINK
GET A LOAN FROM A BANK, I THINK THAT WOULD BE PRETTY EASY TO
THAT WOULD BE PRETTY EASY TO CORROBORATE.
CORROBORATE. >> HE DID BRING A CHECK WRITTEN
>> HE DID BRING A CHECK WRITTEN OUT WHILE HE WAS PRESIDENT OF
OUT WHILE HE WAS PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES THAT WAS
THE UNITED STATES THAT WAS ESSENTIALLY A HUSH MONEY
ESSENTIALLY A HUSH MONEY PAYMENT.
PAYMENT. >> YOU DON’T KNOW.
>> YOU DON’T KNOW. >> HE IS PAYING MICHAEL COHEN
>> HE IS PAYING MICHAEL COHEN MONEY.
MONEY. THERE IS GOING TO BE -- HE IS ON
THERE IS GOING TO BE -- HE IS ON RETAINER.
RETAINER. >> I THINK THIS IS AN IMPORTANT
>> I THINK THIS IS AN IMPORTANT ISSUE HERE.
ISSUE HERE. HOW MANY OTHER FACTS ARE AROUND
HOW MANY OTHER FACTS ARE AROUND THIS.
THIS. THE FACT THAT THERE IS MULTIPLE
THE FACT THAT THERE IS MULTIPLE CRIMES, NOT JUST CONSPIRACY OR
CRIMES, NOT JUST CONSPIRACY OR COLLUSION, IS NOT SOMETHING THAT
COLLUSION, IS NOT SOMETHING THAT MAKES THE PRESIDENT LOOK BETTER,
MAKES THE PRESIDENT LOOK BETTER, HE LOOKS WORK.
HE LOOKS WORK. >> MIMI, ALL OF THE QUESTIONS WE
>> MIMI, ALL OF THE QUESTIONS WE HAVE FOR THE PRESIDENT, HOW IS
HAVE FOR THE PRESIDENT, HOW IS IT THAT MUELLER DIDN’T TRY TO
IT THAT MUELLER DIDN’T TRY TO SUBPOENA HIM.
SUBPOENA HIM. I HAVE TO SAY, UNTIL RECENTLY I
I HAVE TO SAY, UNTIL RECENTLY I DID GET IT, AND I THOUGHT WHY
DID GET IT, AND I THOUGHT WHY WOULD MUELLER WASTE HIS TIME
WOULD MUELLER WASTE HIS TIME WITH THAT.
WITH THAT. HE IS JUST GOING TO LIE, AND NOT
HE IS JUST GOING TO LIE, AND NOT THEY THINK IT IS A PERJURY TRAP,
THEY THINK IT IS A PERJURY TRAP, BUT HE WILL NOT GET NEW
BUT HE WILL NOT GET NEW INFORMATION, IT WAS A WAY TO GET
INFORMATION, IT WAS A WAY TO GET HIM STUCK WITH A SET OF FACTS.
HIM STUCK WITH A SET OF FACTS. THINK NOW WHERE YOU HAVE
THINK NOW WHERE YOU HAVE SOMETHING THAT MAY COME DOWN TO
SOMETHING THAT MAY COME DOWN TO THE CREDIBILITY OF THE PRESIDENT
THE CREDIBILITY OF THE PRESIDENT OR SOMEONE ELSE.
OR SOMEONE ELSE. THERE COULD BE OTHER WITNESSES
THERE COULD BE OTHER WITNESSES TO THIS THERE COULD BE OTHER
TO THIS THERE COULD BE OTHER THINGS TO CORROBORATE IT, IT’S
THINGS TO CORROBORATE IT, IT’S NOT HARD TO BELIEVE THIS IS WHAT
NOT HARD TO BELIEVE THIS IS WHAT TRUMP WAS DOING, WE KIND OF SEE
TRUMP WAS DOING, WE KIND OF SEE HIM DOING IT PUBLICLY, AND HE IS
HIM DOING IT PUBLICLY, AND HE IS INCREMENTALLY ADMITTING IT.
INCREMENTALLY ADMITTING IT. I DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT RUSH MONEY.
I DIDN’T KNOW ABOUT RUSH MONEY. I THINK THAT NOW TO ME I’M
I THINK THAT NOW TO ME I’M ASKING THAT QUESTION.
ASKING THAT QUESTION. MAYBE THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT
MAYBE THE SOUTHERN DISTRICT COULD AS WELL.
COULD AS WELL. >> I THEY IS THE QUESTION THAT A
>> I THEY IS THE QUESTION THAT A LOT OF PEOPLE WILL HAVE.